Social Sciences amp Liberal Arts Department Assistant Professor Dr. Nadya Qamar Chishty-Mujahids review 
2/2 For further query you may contact +92- 213 -8104700 2370 2371Email Address 
1/2 Admissions OpenApply Online Now more detail more 
the sphere digital commerce telemedicine amp automation the COVID-19 pandemic could prove decisive 
The panelists highlight that although impossible gauge the impact COVID-19 businesses there be 
The panelists include Business Development Manager Techlogix Dubai Mr. Rai Hadayat Ali and Managing Partne 
Assistant Professor the IBA Karachi Dr. Nasir Afghan arrange Zoom session title Impact COVID-19 Bus 
MockInterviews IBACDC 
Whether you be join this fall think about join here what you can expect experience our 
The employees express deep gratitude towards the GEAR trust management for help their families the COVID-19 
The GEAR trust distribute ration families IBA contractual and retire staff the IBA main campus IBA 
The panelists encourage MBA graduate develop new digital skills for every business must adapt operate 
The panelists include Client Partner South Asia Facebook Ali Khurshid Ahmed Founder and CEO Bykea Muneeb 
Assistant Professor the IBA Karachi Dr. Nasir Afghan arrange Zoom session title COVID-19 Impact Future 
Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow CBER Dr. Aadil Nakhoda article title Covid-19 pose gre 
... ... Please log via your ERP and fill the follow survey the earliest 2/2 
Dear Students per the directives the HEC you be request fill survey title Online Survey for Stud 
be Instagram ... need say more Follow ibakarachi_official IBAKarachi LifeAtIBA 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Helpless SBP publish the Express Tribune 
2/2 For more information and update please visit IBA website 
1/2 Admissions be open for the Computer Science Economics Islamic Banking amp Finance Journalism Management 
MockInterviews IBACDC 
This agreement will expire July 2020 For more detail about the registration process please visit 
Being part the IBA community you can access the select edX course and can earn free certificate Fill the 
The IBA Karachi have be provide free access select edX course part edXs 
Admissions be open for the MBA program.Apply online now more information and update 
Admissions be open for the BBA BS-Accounting amp Finance BS-Economics BS-Social Sciences and Liberal Arts BS-Comp 
3/3 case you need acknowledgment your zakat contribution kindly share detail your transaction 
2/2 Account Title Institute Business Administration KarachiA/c Number 0112-0101257618Bank Name Meezan 
1/1 Join efforts transform live deserve students and their families through your zakat 
Online MockInterviews be organize for the Graduating Batches 2020 and 2021 during April 2020 the IBACDC 
Contact detail share when communicate with the Examinations department IBAKarachi 
Due the Covid-19 lockdown the IBA Karachi major policy revision have take pertinent step facilitate 
Keep watch this space for more detail ... 
Important Notification for Fall 2020 
IBA CDC please present its latest edition the CDC Newsletter which cover our major activities from July 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title The challenge ahead publish the Express Tribune 
Associate Dean Faculty Business Administration Dr. Huma Baqais article title Covid-19 and the change worl 
Important Notification for Fall 2020 
Director Macroeconomic Policy and Financing for Development Division UN-ESCA Dr. Hamza Malik conduct onlin 
Director IBA ICT and CICT Mr. Imran Batadas article title Looking the economy publish The News Inte 
Pakistani actor and director Adeel Hussain endorse the IBA-TCF Alumni scholarship fund and encourage you supp 
The deadline for registration May 2020 For free registration please fill the follow form 
IBA-CEIF invite you webinar Overview Rescheduling/Restructuring Islamic Financing Facilities View 
Register Now For Interactive Webinar Learn How Online Mediation Can Help Resolve Your Disputes Quickly amp Eff 
Meet Barrister Rahim Shamji the Chief Executive ADR-ODR International amp Barrister Altaf Qureshion May 2020 
... ..For more detail please visit 2/2 IBAKarachi webinar 
IBA-CEIF please invite everyone join live webinar Zakat prominent Shariah Scholar Mufti Bilal Ahm 
Jawad Ahmad endorse the IBA-TCF Alumni scholarship fund and encourage you support this noble cause 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Lockdown breakdown publish the Express Tribune 
May this Ramzan bring you abundance bless these uncertain time let unite take care those 
2/2 Zakat Account Details Account Title Institute Business Administration KarachiA/c Number 0112-01012576 
1/2 Watch how Nadeem Hussains hard work pay off be award 4-year fully pay scholarship 
... .The IBAKarachi grateful the Class 1994 for pull off this monumental feat couple months and 
..The idea help deserve students be conceptualize during the silver jubilee reunion hold the main camp 
be please announce that the Class 1994 have establish Endowment Fund more than million 
inspire watch Afreen Mushtaq journey dream big FlyIMust 
IBAKarachi 
delight share that SSLA and Professor Dr. Nausheen Anwar 
mourn the death the father Dr. Sayeed Ghani the Institutes Acting Executive Director and Asso 
Mohammad Zubair endorse the IBA-TCF Alumni scholarship fund and encourage you support this noble cause 
The deadline for submissions for the online Accounting Fiction Competition extend May 2020 

The IBA CEE invite you attend webinar Mindful Communication for Family Business Harmony with Dr. Leil 
IBA Dispute Resolution Forum-Cee amp ADR-ODR International Invites you webinar 'How Online Mediation Can Help 
Emmu endorse the IBA-TCF Alumni scholarship fund and encourage you support this noble cause 
Bilal Maqsood endorse the IBA-TCF Alumni scholarship fund and encourage you support this noble cause 
2/2 UNCTAD predict that implement the Global Green New Deal would exhibit significant increase wage shar 
1/2 IBA CBER Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow Dr. Aadil Nakhodas class International Trade 
... have extensive experience work the Board Directors level include State Bank Pakistan Monetar 
The IBAKarachi congratulate our Alumnus MBA Class 1993 Mr. Zafar Masud for be appoint the Presiden 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Playing politics PMDC publish the Express Tribune 
How connect with the IBA during COVID-19 closure IBAKarachi 
2/2 The piece title 'Urban Life the Covid-19 Space Emergency Field note from Karachi Dr. Ravinder 
1/2 Director and Professor City amp Regional Planning Dr. Nausheen Anwar amp Resea 
2/2 You can also receive IBA-verified certificate benefit from one-on-one mentor sessions upgrade 
1/2 Join IBA CED free online course The Entrepreneurial Mindset develop out-of-the-box think increase 
Last year the IBA provide financial assistance around 1,000 students amount 300 million The IBA 
All donations include zakat collect for this fund will cover the educational expense TCF graduate study 
The IBA Karachi have join hand with ease out the financial burden TCF graduate study the 
Students Masters Journalism the CEJ-IBA Mr. Kabeer Nadir and Mr. Ali article title Journalist Ahfa 
Law Faculty IBA Karachi Morial Shah research paper title COVID-19 And Commercial Contracts Primer For 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Online learn controversy publish the Express Trib 
2/2 Please share your experience fill questionnaire available online Link give below Your active 
1/2 Dear Students Gallup Pakistan do pro bono analysis user experience with online education The 
The family business the student MBA Program Muhammad Haroon Zaheer have be feature the Deutsche Welle 
virtual event title Virtual Panel Harnessing Research for Response COVID Pakistan organize 
FAQs IBA-Coursera Partnership Coursera OnlineCourses 
Vol Short Notes the Economy During the COVID19 Crisis now available IBAKarachi 
3/3 donation proceed will towards Corona relief operations.In case you need acknowledgement you 
2/3 Your Zakat can transform live Donate now Account Title Institute Business Administration KarachiA/c 
1/3 Watch how Afreen Mushtaq daughter street vendor Karachi overcome obstacles pursue her passion 
Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow CBER Dr. Aadil Nakhoda article title Aid for develop 
Assistant Professor Social Sciences and Liberal Arts Dr. Bilal Munshi article title Quest for Equilibrium 
The 29th edition IBA Karachi quarterly periodical The Current out This edition welcome the new Executiv 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title PTVs golden age publish the Express Tribune 
Law Faculty IBA Karachi Morial Shah Op-Ed title Covid-19 policy focus publish the News Internat 
This Saturday April 2020 please join the webinar 'Facing Adversity Thinking Ahead with expert Hiten Muchhala 
IBA Karachi look for candidate for the position Registrar The last date apply for the position 
amp International Trade Centre ITC have collaborate provide the students access 
digital leap towards transform the learn experience the IBA Karachi have partner with lead 
Vol Short Notes the Economy During the COVID19 Crisis now available IBAKarachi 
Karachi Urban Lab article title Why the Covid-19 crisis urban crisis publish Dawn 
2/2 your business employ 1-250 employees then please fill this survey amp raise your concern the authoriti 
1/1 Here short survey gauge the impact COVID-19 micro small amp medium enterprises MSMEs Pakist 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Who responsible publish the Express Tribune 
e-book 'Short Notes the Economy During the COVID19 Crisis have be publish with the effor 
Important Announcement NTHP- Batch 2020 Applicants March 
Here be some netiquette which one should follow while interact the IBAs platforms IBAKarachi 
Here be some netiquette which one should follow while interact the IBAs platforms IBAKarachi 
Important Notification Reschedule Admission Schedule Fall 
Read about the economic trend the follow e-book title Short Notes The Economy During the COVID-19 Cris 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Thoughts self-isolation publish the Express Tribu 
IBA Karachi look for candidate for the position Registrar For more detail please visit 
Comprehensive HEC Policy/Guidelines for Universities and Degree Awarding Institutions DAIs COVID-19 
Mr. Imtiaz talk about how they can prepare themselves for the professional arena and map out their career 
Manager IBA CDC Mr. Danish Imtiaz be invite recently guest radio show Learning Bite air Sindh 
Acting Executive Director and Associate Dean Faculty Computer Science Dr. Sayeed Ghanis message for students 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Who suffer who care publish the Express Tribune 
Assistant Professor Social Sciences and Liberal Arts Department Dr. Abdul Haque Chang article title Staying 
Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow CBER Dr. Aadil Nakhoda article title Coronavirus challe 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Justice for Aziz Memon publish the Express Tribune 
Feb 29-1 Mar 2020 Team Apollo from IBA secure 1st runners position LCC 
Admission Schedule for 
Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow CBER Dr. Aadil Nakhoda article Indias economic decline 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Questions after Wuhan publish the Express Tribune 
Directors Training Program DTP March 2020 amp March 2020 Approved SECP DTP widely 
Dear Applicants Form Submission deadline date for program for Fall 2020 Round-1 have be extend 
Here what you can protect yourself and others from the novel 
Things you should know about COVID-19 2/2 CoronavirusPakistan CoronaOutbreak 
Things you should know about COVID-19 1/2 CoronavirusPakistan CoronaOutbreak 
cheque distribution ceremony for Batch the Sindh Research Incubation Center SRIC be hold the IBA-CICT 
This inform you that TEDxIBA which be schedule hold February 2020 the IBA have be postpon 
Find out Afreen Mushtaq inspirational story the TEDxIBA. FlyIMust 
The Impact Female Scholarship Programme certificate distribution ceremony be hold 
Highlights the Distinguished Lecture Foreign Minister Pakistan Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Qureshi the 
BBA/BS Fall 2020- Round Final Result Test hold February 
Feb 15-16 2020 Outreach activities organize IBA Karachi Quetta amp Pishin 
Feb 2020 Outreach activities organize IBA Karachi Gwadar 
graduate IBA Karachi Muhammad Salik Khan and Muhammad Adil Shaikh be feature the article title 
From the slum Karachi the classrooms IBA ... Afreen Mushtaq share her tale the upcoming TEDxIBA 
Download the Program Calendar 2020 
Assistant Professor Economics amp Research Fellow CBER Dr. Aadil Nakhoda article title Pakistan must impro 
host three-day workshop Business Analytics hold from February 2020 The train equip 
The session focus patriotism and youth empowerment Mr. Afzal explain how youth play important role 
guest speaker session the Global CEO Shahid Afridi Foundation and Co-Founder Million Smiles Mr. Zeshan Afza 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Death Soybean dust publish the Express Tribune 
The program aim provide practical train the youth the most in-demand and highly employable high-tech 
The IBA-CICT have sign contract with the National Vocational and Technical Training Commission NAVTTC execu 
be please present the IBA News bulletin Vol Issue January 2020 The bulletin can access the 
Center for Executive Education CEE IBA Karachi host workshop Effective Audit February 2020 
Center for Executive Education Karachi host two-day workshop Managerial Communication Strategies 
part the IBA Economics Research Seminar Series PhD scholar Economics amp Finance IBA Asim Bashir Khan will 
Director Mashooque Ali Bhatti talk Pedal Power during session Lahooti Melo 2020 his 
Girls Football Team secure second position the HEC Intervarsity Football Championship 2020 Provi 
Director CEIF Mr. Ahmed Ali Siddiqui and Research Associate CEIF Mr. Muhammad Junaid article title Inclusion 
BBA/BS Fall 2020- Round Test Result Test hold February 
Director CEJ-IBA Mr. Kamal Siddiqi article title Karachis park scam publish the Express Tribune 
RecruitmentDrives IBACDC 
Unleash your entrepreneurial potential with join IBA Mothers Entrepreneurship Camp MEC 2020 Discover 
IBA Karachi look for candidates for the position Manager Resource Mobilization and Senior Executive 
IBACDC CareerCounsellingClinics 
IBACareerFair2020 IBACDC 
Peer Support Program initiative the Counseling Center provide in-depth rigorous train 
Last days leave avail early bird discount PROFESSIONAL MEDIATION TRAINING PROGRAMFeb 28-Mar 2019 
IBA CEE bring days train program 'Project Management Framework amp Tools from February 2020 
