Happy Pride Weekend Chicago Minneapolis New York San Francisco and many other wonderful accept joyful cities 
This should become federal law 
640 Methodists charge Sessions with child abuse immorality racial discrimination and more ... 



you be n't scar you be n't pay attention 
you be n't scar you be n't pay attention 
God Twitter 



be n't feel great just place first Prime Now order 
Comey Cited Insubordinate but Report Finds Bias F.B.I Decision Clear Clinton 


Register Vote Every Vote Matters 
agnostic have too many commitment issue atheist 
Thank you everyone for your wonderful birthday wish 





today London Breed still lead Mark Leno 1,861 vote 


today London Breed still lead Mark Leno 1601 vote 




Fuck Trump 

Who favor compulsory vote 

Mark Leno now behind 2,080 vote 




vote be finally count yesterday 
When American President attack our closest ally and embrace hostile enemy power who try destroy 









Would you like watch the vote be tabulate Check out the link below 

There be 41,940 ballot remain count and 4,750 recount far 
you know how Ranked Choice Voting work not watch the video below 




Verify that your vote-by-mail ballot have be approve not can cure 

now Friday even there be 65,400 ballot remain count 

Leno still ahead 144 vote today 
Anthony Bourdain Dead feel sad 
Our pathological liar self-serving fool POTUS the laugh stock the civilize world 

Ranked Choice Good 
Has your vote-by-mail ballot be count San Francisco 
just receive update from Elections Department insider There be 83,700 ballot leave count 
Today the Department receive nearly 5,000 vote-by-mail ballot from the post office 3,000 which be postmark 
today June the 6th preliminary election result report put Mark Leno with 74,424 vots 50.09 
San Francisco vote-by-mail ballot have not be count yet Has yours 
Now Breed ahead Leno 15,000 vote There be still many ballot count This rank choice annoy 

This obit anything but puff piece 
you live San Francisco and would like see your vote-by-mail ballot have be count this link will tel 















Cold ready inside 

you 've never have oat milk this shit good 


register hopefully you be too help friends register vote 
amaze Aunt Lee pass away this last Sunday She live life fully with zest passion and love She will 
San Franciscans any good election endorsement link 







Let real clear Mr. President How can you drain the swamp you 're the one who keep muddy the water 
The OnePlus come 

want own RBG 
The OnePlus come May 16th 
The OnePlus come May 16th 
not drink beer while try solve this puzzle 


This surprise Putin clearly own trump This just one more ... 
Who know Very cool n't remember the last time that eat Woolworth but be very very very long 
When Trump lie When his mouth move 

The attack Mueller the FBI The Justice Department and anyone else involve law enforcement be just outrig 
Let our part now improve the live those with this cruel affliction well fund research end 
Let what can end Alzheimer now cruel disease that need solution 

OnePlus Open Ears Forum eat dinner and cocktails Beretta 
OnePlus Open Ears Forum The Producer Loft Studio amp Event Space 
addition the million users who might have have their data share with Cambridge Analytica will get more 
Mexico take step the right direction 
Happy amp fun news the day sure watch the video 
Find your Hummus 
Here unusual and wonderful story about difficult choices 
have things change since Obama 
have things change since Obama 
Listening political hack with knowledge things Russian tell the vast Fox audience that the special counse 
recently sign for new gym membership.At the YMCA Portland WTF 
Not again 
After all know word have the best word 
Amazing Human 
MoviePass Sale Again 
Craigslist ax personal ads after sex traffic bill pass HR1865 AKA FOSTA 
1865 be pass Congress yesterday Will actually help prevent traffic 
Hello friends what the best cafe spot San Francisco work from 
Sorry Facebook but you cheat 've turn off Platform and few other items 
view Fox have degenerate from provide legitimate and much-needed outlet for conservative voice 
Trump plan meetup with Putin that can get his order update and know how ... 
time arrest Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg for treason 
Chris you look the jurisdiction for Robert Mueller first and foremost what do Russia this ... 
Trump corrupt and all his cronies be question anyone credibility let alone Robert Mueller ... 
Fraud like this rare almost unmeasurable and yet its specter have lead dozens strict new ... 
finally have Oreo ... 

This brilliant will let McCabe get his due after years difficult selfless work and the same ... 
Retweeted James Comey President the American people will hear story very soon And they can ... 
This attempt short term fix would cause long time problems 
The Pho and Daikon Rice Cakes be die for Out the Door Yelp 
look forward the DJT commemorative plate Not that 'll ever buy one 'll just happy for the ... 

This not funny Who do this type prank ... 
Farewell Dr. Hawking Your contributions the understand the universe be without compare doubt you ... 
Lamb win Pennsylvania 
not easy for some lie for Trump and his closest aid 
sure hope that the Lamb win wonderful upset 
And only drive the car church and back swear 
Dennis Peron Memorial amp Celebration Life feel sad Flore 
Thanks his agenda and that the Republicans that follow the rich be richer and nearly everyone else ... 
This theme gain momentum 
Never dull moment 
Twice year they have this 
This sum 
For more month now have Xfininity Internet Woohoo feel fantastic 
Retweeted Mike Levin be Californians Trump lose here 4,000,000 votes.We protect our ... 
you can help ... 
get old buy jar opener work well ... 
Idiots Putin could n't better job cause chaos and dissension our country and consequently the world ... 
Russ revolutionize the music business decades before online technology transform again 

DollyParton one smart cookie 
love PabloDesigns 
Retweeted God hard care about stupid celebrity bullshit when celebrity become ... 


Black Straps the Red 
finally saw Star Wars The Last Jedi the last theater around play be real treat watch Carrie ... 
Retweeted Ana Navarro clip Commerce Secretary Willbur Ross.He might the only ... 
Checking out the new BagelMacher offer PizzaHacker eat bagel sandwich PizzaHacker 
Looking Bagelicious 

Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee-dooNow appear from out the blueOompa Loompa doo-pa-dee-deeWe have job big ... 
Treating myself the affogato bar drink coffee Sightglass Coffee 
Turkey pesto panini lunch today eat lunch All Good Pizza 
just visit the Pablo Designs showroom They refresh lamp that buy ten years ago and now look ... 
Celebration Music Elizabeth Becker 
Sign this petition protect our water from Nestl Sign here 

check Wise Sons Jewish Delicatessen Yelp 
And sure grow 
Happy everyone 
Ruplican politics over truth usual 
OMG they do n't clap 
