Thank you Yes have submit the form and provide the details.. Thank you for your prompt assistance 
Post from Jammu be two and one other family mother and baby 
The glitch continues.. have confirm book the quantas website but money not yet process 
Thank you 
Thank you Looking forward fly back home soon 

But most the ticket be already sell call vulne 
Requesting you announce the next round repatriation flight for Aus 
Please something for and less interval Your system give out information have cause more 
How fair run one just one flight for Melbourne that too many ticket already sell those bei 

and for brother register with you through email form amp social media group get the ema 
Thank you for the update Kindly ensure that have sometime travel int 
sorry for your loss ... Sending love and prayers 
Three days amp be still wait for our emergency pass Phone number only connect compla 
Theres option apply for inter-state e-pass for emergency travel need your help tra 
Every contribution make tackle COVID-19 pandemic should treat the political CSR contribution and not CSR 
Check out latest article Relief Funds Qualify CSR Activity via 
think very important objective ... like the organisation policy the hindsight 

EFI2020 
Attending RMIT SGDs engagement session 
Interesting Read 
ABVP media trial.. this trial legally establish few months years from now wonder whats 
karma land burn bushfires ... birth land right-left politics ... Both them be the state 
Photo take 3:30pm today ... Are still deny climate change AustraliaBurning ClimateEmegency 
Incredible Maharashtra ministerial portfolios all men ... and one really newsing this issue Gender 
Victoria and NSW burn and be still wait watch fireworks.. Are for real More crackers mean mor 
think more important redefine what the broader purpose rather than simply extend beyond shareholde 
Barbarism Horrible Shame 
Must need Tweet Please give just donate Support free knowledge iloveWikipedia 
When people ask how much more you want study answer that question pass with banter ... 
Happy birthday Kana ... Konika Sharma.. Welcome the next phase your life ... Embrace the love and wisdom that 
Ingrid Pich here ... Living life your way ... You inspire much ... and YES YOU ARE THE ENERGY ... 
Ingrid Pich she personal trainer and group fitness instructor The Sydney Morning Herald she say 
Are do enough voice and action against climate change wonder why digitalise even the most straightf 
Makes happy 
Julie Bishop speak about the Impact Investment Summit ... nation will reach its full potential without invest 
Such important structure ... Why there legal structure call social enterprise Australia 
Truly truly believe this Bring your value market ... ... 
Powerful Acknowledgment ImplnvSummit 
Connection Love Power 
Because purpose matter 
three year old status update make much sense today Its all about politicise businesses and businessing 
Checking-in isnt thing for but this city certainly deserve check After long years Checked 
Congratulations 
truly grateful for this picture amp for arrange spot for Millstein Center Roundtab 
Superbly excite and humble attend Roundtable Corporate Purpose with Collin Mayer Question 
Podcast These research concepts be work progress and PhD research.. But certain the purpo 
Thank you Steve Klass for the podcast.. speak for the first time and from heart about issue that affect 
Thank you Steve Klass for invite for podcast Like say before may not perfect but itll 
India also the grip tribal fundamentalism 
God just realise that every time post status the Facebook also tweet Whattt How long have 
Legal profession underrate India myself happen chance and not choice but today 
veteran bring attention this edition Thank you Take aways Lets all unanimously reset 
And thats what find the Union station DC..The change work reckon.. UnionstationDC kashmir 
What beautiful way represent Australia Covered blue and green ... Blue wash green wash 
Academic Roundtable 2019 Most important take aways for entity become movement only when academics exp 
Age and experience be not the criteria for assess credibility voice Amazing susanmurphy moralreasoning ICSD2019 
Thank you for recognise this 
climate change invoke Green wash then inequalities invoke Blue wash This all part 
just curious why isnt anyone talk about Blue wash Like one the CEOs say these principles 
Redefining profit Great conversation Peter Glom CEO Triodos Bank How about profit economy 
And the day begin with impact bacademics bacademics blab 
Excited hear Lab launch SDGs agenda January 2020 bacademics 
First poetry publication Something that never display shelf Today gift myself ... poetryislife 
'The lack trust deter the creation durable long-term value'-F Alexander The existence the value maximi 
Very Well Done Alex GoodSam for all Especially those who can help 
This why need know what exactly the primary goal corporations now not enough 
Question shareholder profit maximisation not the primary goal corporations then what their primary 
least they pick our fruit with our consent unlike capture coal.. dig hole generations 
Many congratulations 
have great respect for Sushma Swaraj Former External Affairs Minister India heartfelt condolences her 
and Bang Superb post lessons not preach but practice and present thats the 
feel sick read this news early morning Products RSS school- radicalised Hindus then Recruits then Hin 
Boris Johnson Donald Trump Part hope not 
Three minutes thesis competition 3MT.. Happy finalist See you next year ... Thank you for the support 
Well Played All best wish the Australian Cricket Team CricketWorldCup2019 
seek your prayers for innocent baby who struggle for his life have always believe father word 
Misogyny its peak what worst could wrong Exactly the kind word that should express such on-premises 
soon read this light be off and be deep asleep ... 
AFP raid the ABCs independence remind the 2003 Senator Alstons attack the ABC Iraq War Coverage 
Press Freedom What joke jure freedom facto freedom This 
nice 
dont understand the underlie cultural shame say Yes bleed and bleed well Not that this conversati 
Australia first female Prime Minister speak sold-out event present UNSW Centre for Ideas partnership 
The Corporate Form for Social Good 
Like say before Clive Palmer Australias Donald Trump Damn 
You be the people choice Many congratulations wasnt bear this country but then land 
Apologies for the typos Most the AEC badge wear the volunteer have blue colour match Liberal colour 
Most the AEC staff/volunteers have blue colour these badge vote for 
Why that above the line the first box for liberals be search for preference though 
Thank you much 
I'm..conscious mortality.. happy man today have a..beautiful woman wife who..loves 
Thank you much for all your hard work amp dedication Thank you and Thank you 
you really have beat big corporate actors then you need have that kind capacity and ability beat 
Genuine effectiveness the legislation really hard Assess the effectiveness both the action and outcomes 
How imprtnt see country origin every piece jewellery that wear imprtnt see 
Naming and acknowledge show company that others can you too can Human Rights 
Day InnovateRights19 begin and this how begin Adds purpose this event.. 
Ruth- thank you for speak fearlessly.. This panel this topic this area touch heart ... Yes emotion 
The live wage launch thank you for work with real people thank you for listen 
Rights be not hierarchy They be there balance make sure that everyone should recognise and value 
you doubt change then look the change retrospect InnovateRights19 genderequality 
Very well put Rosie Campbell The gap be the work culture Work need around how shift cultural 
Academic work need out into the wild Julia Gillard ... Bang For sure thats exactly why all be 
Powerful ... 
Prof. your choice blue be the perfect host for tonites talk gender equality ... Thank you 
Julia Gillard lawyer PM- Australia and women explain gender InnovateRights19 
WWJD-what would Julia InnovateRights19 AustralianHumanRights juliaGillard genderequality 
And begin InnovateRights19 UNSWIdeas RMITGSBL 
Julia Gillard Live tonite Gender Equailty and Human Rights InnovativeRights19 juliaGillard UNSW 
StopAdani 
John Southalan obligations lawyers under UNGPs ... The topic Intriguing Intimidating and Implementing 
Modern Slavery Act Australia and elsewhere -Is address all level analysis micro meso and macro 
UNGP International Human Rights Law InnovateRights19 
Hardening the soft law policies Schedule ABA Nailed ... Sarah Dadush ... InnovateRights19 ABA 
What be the incentives for the corporations report difficult matter ... question Justine Nolan -this 
Olivia Dean PhD RMIT Transparency supply chain and business operations Modern Slavery Act 2018 Austral 
wonder what better corporations engage corporate report citizen- stakeholder themselves corp 
You be hero You have inspire much 
Shouldnt important for the ABC maintain good relationship with all its stakeholders audience rather 
May its the begin academic journey and thats why say this may not ... But listen 
People ask question about future not-for profit have anyone ever ask question the future those int 
listen Emma Needham insights into public and private sectors ... RMITLeadershipForum RMITGlobal 
Renewable Energy private sector lead change This may right for but how about Queensland.. political-pri 
leader how know what share with the world and what not Public private very interest topi 
Waleed Aly ... You speak heart 
PhD student from Melbourne inspire be look frward attend Melbourne event But 
Great but what the best way know more about the event 
cant believe that miss his event 
Work progress new perspective Benefit Corporation Structure How this structure could hold the Big Corpora 
always felt movies like URI doubt reinstate your faith the system but more than that cause real damage 
Plz stop post these message 'HOW THE JOSH JAISH Our families and friends live the war zone ... 
again say amp this time with deep deep concern War not option there be war when these 
again say amp this time with deep deep concern War not option there be war when these organisatio 
Dhebri cherish these memories Love you not underpin this bond fondness for you but 
feel disconnect with religion not God do n't come from move another country city ... 
course 
Think about the effect these trade deal PNG land and population QandA 
What you know about PNG And who be take any decision about their land QandA 
you want wait for the problem religious discrimination come Australia before take step avoid QandA 
interest know more about ScoMos past before vote next time QandA 
Because our public figure should explain the public why lose his previous job QandA 
Right know our fundamental right QandA 
need federal laws deal with corruption QandA 
Sad 
The panel be call Independent Nomination Panel ... Get back ABC Australia culture not just broadcaster 
ABC jurely independent but not facto independent 
and should host both men Tony and women 
There should equality Men should more open the doors the car for women 
There should equality Men should more open the doors the car for women 
Maybe be the right thing But ... the ABC Board depoliticised there need for de-politicisation 
Embrace yourself 
Worth listen ABC News Live Julia Gillard Gender Equality Adelaide Well this kind equality 

Worth Read 
must see this Sid Sharma Bageshwari Sharma Nick Kalra Ankit Bansal Mandeep Kour Chopra Konika Sharma 
Turnbull Dutton ... ... Sad State ... turnbullisbetter 
Live Malcolm Turnbull head into party room meet amid talk leadership spill via 
This joke isnt 
Censorship Freedom Speech and Expression ... ..Moderation eportals Which way 
Let ... magical 
Stop outsource your account you can not take care your clients/costumers deal with the debt collection 
love with his word and thoughts diversity 

Just cause sue for defamation 
Health and Weight Loss Revelations 
Because you have n't meet for more than years have back almost decade and look for one picture toget 

What go wrong ... What lack ... Why Avicii bleed death Why Anthony Bourdian hang himself ... What 
Tiger Nick Kalra continue the trend 2018 And again say profile pic speak all.. Love you ... But 
Honestly the world do n't need know this but think essential mention the below ... ..Professionali 
The follow answer remind father Why you work hard this age Because ... 
be yesterday know But will love you today yesterday and forever Thank you for build life ... 
Sid Sharma 
Just hear about the terrorist attack especially target our ARMY even more daunt when happen ... 

How much cleavage good cleavage who would decide You Forget ... know know good girls ... 
2018 Roger Federer ... ... You be brilliant true sense What age ... Just number 
