
KJU be try get attention the intl community amid Coronavirus tensions When fail find 
Corona not pandemic but 'game-changer for President Moon rule party sweep victory the 21st 
The 3Ts South Korea success battle COVID-19 
South Korea display how educate population can prove helpful help time like these Korea be 
Country roads take home the place belong ... 
Dissent democratic.Bina dessent North Korea jesa desh chalta hai ... The whole idea citizenship frm its 
Bas students aas baki hai ... baki toh Media pilayi hui ghoont gye hain ... bakiyon ghar tak 

Today while have discussion lunch with the other scholars here be wonder about what make Korea 

haha ... Love Delhi 




Some Trump policies stem from demand internal mass There problem for South Korea and need 
... ... 

Strength democracy populism its excessive form 


This 
n't know what his advisors be do Kuch bhi bolta hai ... Internationalising the Kashmere issue too 


Shame 
Another year with many beers tear fear and cheer come end Though not sure maturity progr 
Wow India way behind Pak ... 
Looking for recommendations book relate Indian Foreign Policy and general Would really appreciate 
Trump Meets Kim DMZ Steps Into North Korea 

Anyone will financially help please ... even the smallest help count getwelljessica 
watch Parasite 2019 CINUS 

vote go KejriJi for this 

here today Menstrual Hygiene Day they discuss support sanitary pad all the girls their tee 
watch CGV 
India Successfully Tests Satellite-Killer Missile 
The downfall leader begin when surround only 'Yes men 


Wishing every one bless and happy Holi 
Almost after years ... 
try but the camera still could not capture its original beauty 
That zero balance relatable ... 
Focus all the Korean media currently /the father Korean democracy Chun Doo-hwan appear 
One the serious problems that exist Korea today its increasingly grow age population.As become 
2nd Allies decide end Key Resolve Foal Eagle exercise back diplomacy for N.K denuclearization 
Sharing expert view Hanoi meet 
should careful choose orchestrate our future action vis vis Pakistan ground them selecti 
How the issue be look outsiders ... .an articulation the current Ind-Pak Kashmir crisis have turn 
hahaha ... .we have earn 300 RDX and 300 terrorists ... haha ... kauno mje raha hai 
think there be enough preparation place for the US- Summit meet but now that they be give differe 
This need take into acc ... from Jayant Bhandari 
Summit conclude without joint statement/agreement and the meet be cut short wonder they prepare for 





anyone friend list accompany our Korea please bring some Haldiram Namakeen packets for 
karlo war 
This post dedicate those send random message for not be nationalist since do not clearly 
Here bigger problem the China factor that be mention about something that India need more ... 
here have the beneficiaries ... 

Japan deny leadership will gradually and eventually accept its role increase counter China inc 
The terrorists be homegrown The Government have look for long term solution Kashmir issue Many be 
Shot Heard Around the World WTO Vindicates Korea The Peninsula 
The 2nd month every year bring some the most crucial days for single ... but see the logic give 
kya raha hai ... 
South Korea Pay More Under New Military Deal With U.S 
Super Plex Green Book 
China plan sell Pak aircraft carrier and integrate militarily The Sunday Guardian Live 
demand increase the share the cost for the troop station Korean soil.While the say 
The first question which people age be frequently bombard with this ... And here some grind insigh 
years ... and happy share progress language 2016 have participate speech contest organiz 
get the opportunity visit one the significant place South Korea that the DMZ Although tge time be 

them be idiots and nothing more ... Watching this video and this lady everytime encoureges have som 

BUSY YESTERDAY HERE THANKSGIVING DAY POSTSometimes the crisis not about money resources opportuni 
travel Korean DMZ 
Dear All Here share the picture short visit India visit India for receive the medal which 
One teacher here Korea offer beef eat yesterday decline politely Her response be amaze ... 
Modi jacket Korea 
Yeah Agree with that ... The way express clearly mislead the readers there deliberate effort 
Here nutshell ... While the question wthr not the award with the peace prize one concern 
... now this go become another controversy ... Chun Doo Hwan and Modi comparison bite awkward 




intellectual not others you have least answerable your own conscience ... What wrong with 
take trip the World Heritage Site Korea the tomb one the ruler king Muryeong the Baekjae dyna 
Time really fly fast Already years Monika Walter 

More come ... 
Fridayevening Goodweather Bit relief from language stress ... Daejeon 
Today concert Konyang University gradually fall love with their music and instrument must 

While Moon try expand the horizons for South Korea through his New Southern Policy visit India see 
Got attend the AAS Asia Korean Studies Reception organize Korea Foundation ... new initiative bring Kore 


What could without you guy lucky have find the people with whom can share ask anything peo 
know this awkward feel go alone ... and cant avoid go bcoz love movies And when request jerk 
Now this require attention the other small countries which be embrace China and the economic benefit off 
The ultimate measure man not where stand moments confidence but where stand time chal 
Some one know what feel every time when receive online bhi ignore 
perfect comedy watch Book Club Logix PVR Gold 
Thank you for give this opportunity part this conference be absolutely wonderful experience 
Prayers many Korean brothers result the successful organize the summit meet could not stop watch 
The way how keep fast be redefine with time Now you cud eat chole bhature barfi sandwich while 
dude 
Semen 
The influence China 'peaceful rise evident Maldives.. 
China 'non-interference policy bcms rhetoric only aftr China successfully mould concern country for 



Sharing journey back from Jaipur Delhi Couldnt get the reservation tym decide travel 3rd class almost aftr 17yrs 
True that 
Anish Singh 2saal gye Happy friendversary 
Happy 2years together Geetanjali Dangwal 


God 
only that every tweet Prof. Brahma Ch. notice the mention 'War 
seem threat bigger issue for Trumph now 
Finally get admission Ph.D. feel bless 
While respond India move Dokalam China have sit numerous historical evidence claim the region ... 

What do China still have -Money North Korea and sooner ... Isalmic force 


Hahahaha 
They should not think that be South Korea that they can bully And here come the response.. 
Chinese bigger version vision have finally come direct clash with that India hope be able ... 

Hahaha 
What think 

... 
Well do Pakistan Played well under such pressure ... 
Hoping tht South Korea get some manueuvering space atleast give space for coutries like India list 
