Bitcoin get erection again 

The team have just push the envelope everything You like Aubidle Kindle Scribd 10x better 
that for you 
Brave use Chromium thank you Google really not see the point switch apart from Priva 
Why the would you say something like this The guy one the greatest visionary 
burden can only imagine 
Why 
Best free adobe software alternative That list really amaze 
Hahaha ... awesome Sugared concentrate milk ... 
The trick come with those line Not all line code be create equal 
Goosebumps man goosebumps should hire you Keep the good work 
like Zeit 
What you just do support GraphQL natively freakin revolution Well do Dgraph 
You know what discover that fact reassure much now know that Javascript truly inspire lol 
Seems delicious 
Microsoft have become good company Windows license have relax they create VSC and Typescript just cit 
Hasura sexy Keep the good work 
Awesome Please support VueJS 
Damn that ready for the bunker style 
When you have enough share 
course that do suit corporate America 
Some kind clock drift remember vaguely that clover opencore have set deal with something similar.. 
Jesus that theory true ... Hopefully not 
Spraying coronaviruses 
OMG 
Your content f*cking good that n't have time watch all but try prioritize 
Nairobi 
Brian rise just want thank you for the amaze valuable work you be do interview 
Everyone criticize like and many others those be not sleep apnea machine they 
Fantastic that always much need Thank you 
You be right the best way install both and try them out Kube beginner but absolutel 
they want this certain direction 
AwsAmplify look great please add support for Flutter since you already support 
Hey Alex what you think Dapr Does have chance against OpenFaas have n't use any but hes 
Solo quiero felicitarlo por rpida respuesta buen manejo crisis del coronavirus Sigan con buen trabajo 
will trade privacy for the technological confort that Google provide with The experience And 
God bless you Elon 
Ministerio Hacienda Funcin Pblica Suspensin inmediata del pago autnomos mientras dure crisis del 
Yes have the video show the deep incompetence the current leader the CDC 

they kick you out all loose n't let this happen be happen you have make guide 
Seems they want this spread 
Your letter touch the soul Thank you and keep the good work 
Yes they need exactly things strong regiment Psychedelic trip get glimpse the Divine and deep 
Interested CRO n't miss out the action Thank you for this awesome info 
Try rub ketchup next time 
Amazing talk ACM ... few extra line code the week-end end +100 million ... OMG Never 
Gebran Bassil not the appropriate representative the Lebanese people Davos 
Ma'am yes Ma'am ... They 're take the whole world for fool 

veut dire quoi pauvre C'est grave hein 
Chahine 
All crook Satoshi be probably Hal Finney and dead 
Miss info campaign run from God know be 
l'air cool premier ministre Mali besoin jeune sing comme Bravo ... 
More importantly can you code better 
Just inform yourself little more ... This guy Trump kill be the head the Quds forc 
Yes what go around come around ... Karma bitch 
That not baptism that child abuse right there 
Well do bunch thieve and murderers and should treat like 
everywhere the fuck world arsonists wake one fuck morning and start burn the 
Powerful anti-inflammatory drink Use full-fat milk for better absorption the curcumin 
Haha ... Milk mix with Turmeric powder right Marc real health powerhouse 
Verbena with thin slice Lemon skin 
oui bon dibi-sogo 
Qu'une affaire d'argent C'est triste vraiment 
Nouveau AirAfrique problme trop corruption Afrique les compagnies ari 
Hamdellah Salm relieve you make home safe This be totally unjust and obvious revenge you 
Even art get automate God save all 
seul complexit est l'argent sale Golf qui alimente une idologie encore plus sale 
Meaning 
man Uni life usually unforgettable Miss too 
Soon replace machine people go have work find their passion and put 
Should rebuild asap 
Vraiment dit vrit 
That maybe manifestation OCD 
Open stream consciousness you have resume the power Twitter one small sentence 
Exactly you have huge number followers that recognize you for your great contribution the web hence 
Kinda special indeed but personally still prefer Tesla 
Could become your 2nd one 
Come you n't want Tesla instead 
Kosher cause do n't have chemicals though not bake pro 
This really serious May God help all 
Franc CFA kadi ... suis triste 
Yeah opt out the financial international gangbang 
Yes Indeed 
Christmas present from the Universe Elon cause you 're do good work God bless 
be watch the star with kid before bed and they be happy see Santa pass Thank 
Fuck man this something will never forget They kick out like dog Reason field ____ blank 
predict within Apple will change the macOS licence remotely dependable 
Stormy Something 

Apparently that be Nvidia put the blame Apple for remove Open 
Exactly ... Not solution 
The fund need be too important some international entity like need bailout 
yes forget bad ... 
Are n't they suppose Eucalyptus tree eat and sleep all day long 
But certainly what happen that the market size for non default GPU mac 
You be right Apple develop its own drivers when they specifically use card This 
Most laptop would work fine now even AMD base though Intel more compatible only thing that ten 
Good know Hopefully the Army still good now be then 
This the honest truth right there 
puff all take see the TRUTH ... 
Army Militia men 
How you know Mac Pros and Hackintoshes be compatible with Nvidia them that 
You can get the same result for 1/10th the cost build hackintosh Stability have becom 
the other way around ... Nvidia that always release their drivers late 
Most probably innocent men ... That 'll bring the death count May God forgive them all 
Owch ... Kinda make sense 
Their future local and organic right the fuck now Enough poison themselves and people for what few buck more 
Right the best thing can that regard encourage Organic agriculture and import 
Even this photo mesmerize 
New Year Tree You mean Christmas Tree ... Yes wow 
Yes be n't the only one that time lot people complain unfair ban The only thing do tha 
Yes and should all terrify the great lion the far east 
Lucky you Google will never send stuff like this cause they ban for life from Adsense back 
just un-believe-vable ... 
Yes have really nothing against folks be rich just the fact that many bank 
Now Lebanon must borrow from WMF and follow their condition 
And the worst part this that the rich get exception those impose rule 
tout cas 1er Gaou n'est pas Gaou 
Yes yes yes well say 
Medium bad And their quota business wtf ... Hate this company 
why be miss the fire Spain Why do not have the fire stick with Alexa remote last 
well 
cambiado imagen para siempre Gracias Sigue por favor ... frutasgratis carrefour 
Might Trump pressure them lol 
Thanks for the detail That reassure 
Keep the good fight 
Bad act off course but wtf one be harm Are flag protect the law now 
the and do n't let the Libra bird free 'll fuck China digital Renminbi and other similar 
Got 
That why test not optional 
One service 've see come out many time 
Exactly 
must have fucked-up the car pretty bad 
Exactly ... obviously pick his neighbor name ones be write algorit 
Most probably be Hal Finney finish his mission and leave this hearth Cause obvious that 
Wtf What you mean lol 
hear the call most powerful man the world talk like this simply shock 
Have people go mad what 

Was think the same What mine 
be lovin 
Thugs real thugs 
hayb shoum Those look like Gangsters not national army 
Yes thank Goodness 
The people Lebanon be suffer now because bank be hold their money and limit withdrawal 
That deep info ... Seems plausible Microsoft would n't hesitate pull such scheme 
Why There be some genuinely good folks do this work and sure hope most be good ... 
Interesting.. 
Thanks for your good report work this kind info need spread the world The Lebanese people need support 
What do this poor soul treat like this Can someone explain please 
Yes drivers Windows be pretty stable guess drivers will continue speak 
Indeed but apparently they 're map all Windows syscalls amp function the Linux 
Unbelievable really pure theft.. time for Justice 
cool 
What you mean About drug they 're pretty cool ... long you n't sell and n't 
Are those army-men hold baseball bat Wtf Are those gangsters ghetto the national army Lebanon 
Good cop be useful because not everyone can protect themselves and there be bad folks this world 
Can remote 
They be suppose protect 
Soon might change WinX they be move Linux kernel the rumor be true 
Surely not Microsoft 
This how they treat people our own national army 
Bravo bravo What country the world still meter the Gigabytes this pure theft 
Corruption all level 
my.. This time they 'll try change the Constitution 3rd world style ... 
i.e madness 
Same here Wtf really ... 
The thing the bullshit will resurface the island itself sooner later ... Human nature 
c'est bien dit tout cas ... Mais croit les Bouddhistes devras renaitre dans une 

pen que vous mal compris ... Dans film Matrix pilule rouge une autre blu 
Well say 
Wtf 
Matrix 
And the act read the instructions call Meditation 
be talk one person not group persons bunch dummy 
Keep the good fight need you 
would nice you just congratulate this very brave young woman She young force for good this world 
Man Ads be good target ads be amaze do right and the individual agree 
love you keep good work The world need more Politicians like you 
