Berra beg can tell him you 've be good boy all lockdown long ... 
During stay the East 've equally meet enough Igbo men know 
Yeske two smoof color God dey shame 
Got school with wrapper Oga personally hand these lovel 
Strategic and Smart Symbolic Chirst God bless the church 
You and both know that leave for would not only give lecture remotely but also 
And yet the lockdown be ease 're joke 
All the above 
Met goons before come here 
The bants 
.005 
Watch movies ... Biko n't probe 
Banjo 
Haaa 
Sincerely n't even know who call him here gin sef ... But guess guilt 

should 
're clown ... All these stories escape further fuel the theory that number be be pad for fund 
Trust ... they can and come out 'll have Nigerian Pastor Chris day Thanks for save 
All she write here should have be Said while knock 
idleness due Coro cause else both men amp women would n't home Baby sef wld 
These ones ehn.. shld challenge them 14days isolation crusade prove that they serve the livi 
They 've just build their home and have quickly move from their landlord abide their perma 
own country reopen without test its population 
would n't mind be gift this ... 

remind Sita dress mode during our meet with Oga 
n't the gov do n't make the rule n't bend them withou 
Statistics different locations very vital and help ensure special precautions 
Woow safe Bro Trusting that you 'll come out negative understand that the sta 
state government start but stop Their covid response handle stop tweet sta 
own request simple State government should able provide detail least 
Question what be do prevent this 
Better Ooo 
Babes please biko safe 
This exactly what they have mind They reopen the economy enable them recoup none the CEO 
You 're go fine 

good even ma'am 
she belong any the Nigerian force ... She gon face the 
Somebody say cheese 
Ogun and the last tweet from days ago 
hope the employers would think that way ... For them about the profit their figure 
Challenge that n't determine the faith the doves until least 18th May 
you know be Nigeria the Nigerian Army would query and court martial 
Haaa the president 'll relax the lockdown but ensure not even fly 
Who drive the economy Who enjoy the economy The Living the dead citizens father who become Billionai 
remember there be period Italy citizens literally throw money into the street have 
And wight the relaxation the lockdown 10,000 just around the corner simple logic 
The danger and fear this Lagos could increase 
The weeks ensure that do n't meet with the expec 
You be n't gon remove God from name Oluwatobi 
state with his caption ... However ... Those ehn ... They deserve all the drama 
Nope Oyo township 
Just two lovely daughters like these ones ... Lobatan 
individual build this 
she from Oyo 
Actually just point out the kind stupid bias and lop 
You know be just about tag that she should come and hear wha 
Turn big family abi destroy the small one You know the longer the chain the weaker become 
How dare you even tag you have her contact naw ... Tag her directly She would tell 
Your best friend always your weakest link not your enemy but emotions blind 
Hey dearie ... This shoot hope n't recent Social distance Ooo biko n't wan loose you 
Does make any reasonable sense lock down while the number be tens amp now relax the lockdown now that 
come and see the result verbal autopsy 
The sad part all that the lock down actually not be properly enforce Luxury bus be 
This country joke 

Not even the miss from the their Gov declare days ago ... This country the rea Comed 
Hmmm 
Love him though Dicptics the softer side fatherhood hope and pray 
You try ... you be able deduce something off all Howe 
assume you listen till the very end Kindly help 
See the nonsense and politics be play out here now ... Lots live be lose and they 
Biko our Hypertension our malaria ... Thank God sister back home the people 
n't this the very reason why Emir Sanusi keep talk till they remove him Now they 're die silence with 

Babes please stay safe 
come and see Dr. Jesus action 


Wawu n't remember the last time have but pop favorite though 
Set awon mama 
see your people ... dontrushchallange with the msg be sing like for Kyari wakek 
Biko what the instruction 
n't tell you love bean 
Spoken professional practitioner Well would agree that there possibility lack 
Eat own food and eat little bite food and eat little bite food 
Why be the dead body those who die before Kyari not give their families Oooo ... COVID-19 change the 
Exactly sister need reorientation and redefinition our value and ideals Flush old cargos out and rebrand 
Pot belly mallams guess 
When 
see what talk about 
Implementation seem straight forward 
Trust ... This go explore 
Their smartness film trick ... can only hope they recieve sense for the sake our love ones that live 
Yep She the one 've get mind 
be think the lack understand for the need the lock down some people here be because our low 

Lagos State police use this strategy She extremely beautiful lady uniform and whe 
Most definitely but n't see dismissal be the solution When time for brand they 
Exactly point 
Biko n't 
Sincerely this video could actually use show that they 're also human and closer share our pain and 
Omo you saw the way she switch When the lyric finally sink 
idi When your sibling decide sing the warn can relate 
How much she earn the moment 
Have you see this Note the caption Correlates with what you say earlier be NOLLY 
do vote for them for the first term The second term ... They force themselves 
This look stag 
also guilty this But smart lawyer might still see window that can exploit not nece 
your fresh supply nose mask 

Saw this last night ... doubt MISCHIEF.God simply say 
don minit have keep himself update 
oya 
Nigeria country ... weep for the future our nation For how long would this impunity last Rules be for the 
how smart sure they 've not be touch with anyone since they leave the burial 

Sir n't think need arrest rather the ones who release the body against 
Suddenly now know where ... they see themselves actually be accountable 
and her lawyers can sue them Use this case study and seek that her 
see what your Oyo state country men be do 
even can attest the fact that you sel 
You 're point ... Spatial analysis help generate heat map determine vulnerable areas and allowi 
What would would ... Eyan koja kadara 
Until consumers be adequately protect from these ones ... 're 
know better there algorithm the background and its base usage rate not 
n't complicate after all why do n't figure this out earlier 
wan scream 
see how these boys keep embarrass 
come and see attitude northerners Thank God sister back 

Biko which one staff office 
Looool ... Owkay 
Sincerely have n't see any content witty this long while 
Biko she must complete 
n't Oru ... Where could have be from 
There school think that believe under the hood 
The kings anoint masquerade 
come and see what submit 
What can 
Haaa laduru ijo wonder she could n't say anything 
Trust n't 
comman see something 
She your friend naw ... Epp the work the Lord 
Olajumoke ... Guess you 're busy sing Let know when you 're do upload the 
You 're point 
Jummy Berra talk naw Abi you that make his lead vocalist ... 
sure she would n't grace such with her sweet ench 
have also be sing your hope do n't drag into this sha 
've really suffer the hand CEOs and Producers be do giveaway 
Target audience the entire Africa Oya let this way change CNN BBC Afri 
Oya recommend ... wan invite the whole Nigeria ... Abi make Africa 
Jummy this serious palava Ooo ... turn Anti Zoom ... Biko 

Inaccurate amount data always allocate run 
this way better than the way they treat 
You 're the one that know them ... sure 'll see them your event 
