Four hundred and ninety three thousand nine million and seventy six ... Priti count the test error ... 
Anyone ... ... 
notice the miss ... And get ready be lift lot lockdown tomorrow expect 
be ask the same after Sunday announcement Are implement the 
Brightens day much Andrew Cotter dog Mabel and Olive be back and they mean business 
Reading this think jab the ... and rightly ... Boris tell work tomorrow 
Question should ask return wor 


hurry just stick amp tree have time big pot chickpea 

Could n't resist chuckle ... 
be all scratch our head today ... 
The entire nation confuse ... Can n't 
Just shock Not only be the public totally confuse and baffle be the authorities try police Ter 
absolutely agree all for mask have be wear from day the south west and 
know sorry insult donkeys point out previous twt walk touch 
Johnsons management the pandemic have be almost Mediterranean style flippant and carefree you cant help 
And yet PHE confirm they have send 50k test sample the USA 
But long wash our hand will and n't wear mask the evidence 
nothing have change then ... 
Sadly the message from MSM have encourage this behaviour You be all over Italy when they be repor 
Hard see ... upset much Why this 
And when will you update your symptom list Most health professionals will tell you that 
Funny thing for the most part the public be fully aware the theatre around this ... 
you have nice photo the you that you could have blow and print onto big canvas 
Interesting thread frustrate that be ignore other symptoms Covid Not all present with cough and/or 
And only June ... lose another weeks possible spread and containment 
Everyone hold their breath while hop along ... ..do n't think the rule make lot 
Thats not ... will send the wrong message about ppl choose vegan path ... just make look 
concern that n't see how can confidently say community transmission dec 
be too simplistic when question how possibly get suggest even approx calculati 

Wth wrong with people 
Absolute disgrace must have felt quite vulnerable out there tbh Their face be camera take action against them 
other word the explotation animals ... ... 
There lot more than tofu ... 
Agree do come from the mistreatment animals However not necessarily from countries poor 
agree another measure along with social distance and hand wash However reiterate these face coveri 
Yep ... ... That really not rocket science ... 
disagree that cause myriad problems n't think anyone use thousands deaths 
you n't think the way exploit animals contribute these pandemics recent years Where 
Time rethink food choices 
That disgraceful 
But bin liners apparently meet the standards ... ... 
Yes 
Amazing live there for years love the country and all its people Pray ever 
Masks4All MasksNow 
You be disgust word like that 
Wow can not believe under control The authorities the UAE never cease amaze Wonderful 
How can anyone know residents have be evacuate until Rescue can inside fire 
How can possibly under control already 
Huge high rise tower build Sharjah UAE Just tragic ... ... 
all over the news now 
What tone 
The other SAGE 
Masks4All 
Our media be focus Italy when be its worst now the there and not even headline Why 
Thank you the Ruler Dubai for purchase and donate several plan load PPE for the NHS 
Have send you 
click your link your wishlist for couple items and then get that message 
Awww bless n't need such but run out surgical disposable mask 
Have try purchase for you today but will only deliver States marketplace items can not 
Will you sell these the general public 
Masks4AllAm just person ounce two common sense.Leave house for walk pass ppl ... touch NOT 
Wow 
Yay 

even the rulers Dubai be donate PPE help the 
Interesting read How South Korea fight the virus ... and appear succeed ... without lockdown 

possible for people suffer purely with gastro relate problems with Covid and upper respiratory issue 

When they receive them they 'll include those test the daily figure When they run the test 
But do n't You can not include test kit post the test complete figure Tha 
And they 'll likely count them again when return count them again when teste 
Just awful ... 
Will there ever time when all accept that eat animals NOT 
This be June 2008 after she be hit the face with camera and do get quite badly injure 
When ... would question ... 
Appreciate Interesting read biggest take away When you n't know more difficult act say 
Thanks Caust understandable why people be confuse their message though 
Thank you be compare like for like ... wonder how the other European countries report 
little confuse Thought the ONS figure for Covid deaths outside the hospital be much higher 
Happy days ... delivery arrive today ... these be vegan delish and really good value for money ... alcohol free 
Aldi have implement new staff face mask policy all supermarkets 
WHY ANYONE go work with symptoms The advice stay home have the advice now change 
But why ANYONE with symptoms leave home work Has the science change again 
Really n't all really have the same virus ... Comments like this just make them look even more sil 
And you say why not real dandelion just use trick all into fake science ... 
years meat ... years diary ... never felt better and more energetic 
simple video show you how face cover help 
France do ... Not 100 sure Italy but think they although all countries have different report standards 
Let follow the science other countries and not wait for our government announce the science have change 
n't throw cat Period 
n't wait tell the science change now wear mask Just wear mask/face coveringMy mask protect you 
Strange though that other countries disagree n't you think Masks4All mask 
And wonder how will twist and spin and manipulate any which way avoid give the overal 
opinion share many not just the few ... sadly 
Scotland yes -on public transport and shop ... kinda loose but least get there England 
agree ... and maybe June the science will change and will tell wear mask 
Oops not sure why That super thank you Stay safe 
n't understand Ped why be lack and yet many be offer suggestion try the NHS 
Contact NHS trust individually and some the charities that 
Can you info please ... and instructions n't have dishwasher 
And still the government can not secure PPE ... the rest the country raise money donate goods service and 
Yes agree brilliant But WHY have you fail that the public general be 
Yep ... simples really and the fact do n't need N95 NHS 
've report suspicious account ... .This pandemic have buy out some the best society but 
say they might give little bite protection someone ill amp cough Grea 
should mandate WITH social distance place will never get out this loose 
YES Once again seem one the last that will agree the science have change And 
absolutely not for one n't care they vote Tory Labour the Monster Raving 
Yep 
Why this not get out more ... e-mail from beg for PPE ... have since die Covid ... 

See thread article with Anthony Costello worth the min read with regard SAGE 
This why they have the capacity but n't the test ... the company run the sit be not fit for purpose 
The advice for someone symptomatic should always isolate Whether mas 
Good point ... 
What leader 
Let hope this become mandatory here seem the public lack the sense this without be tell 
NOT success 
Well do Lewis ... n't wait try one myself 
But the point is.. shouldnt say press conference Sadly there 
Wow just wow ... 
Also the fact they 've open the Nightingale hospitals recruit 1000 retired/ex NHS 
Concencous who Who make SAGE Only then will know what type science 
And let not forget scrap test track and isolation do n't need that ... Apparently 
Same mine go down nearly 100 point from good fair The only thing 've 
And surely should know who provide the scientific advice be all be make comply 
You n't that your dead either Rob how be you 
Yes they be ... 

Remdesivir n't vaccine anti viral and be use for Ebola think the theory be may 
You stay home you could actually see right 
finger n't shape body part ... which fish n't 
Anything can sausage ... you could have vegetable sausage ... 


WTF 
tough one guess for the most 
Simple Wear mask ... not one need health care workers ... Lots guide how make suitabl 
the correct attribute 50k extra 
have be ask for the ability offer test which would make this 
What be come this country think the documentary be film compassion amp sensitivity whilst 
Absolutely disgraceful What have become this country The documentary point crosse 
