Growing never like them But have ever eat again its go out the pot 
should Ionic not Iconic Does know this make extra gay 

Which gig be this 
Wealth income and spending/purchasing power be not interchangeable economic metrics 
Put him plane and you 'll get different response 
they really have time 

be y'all track that this 
Multumedia project 
cont Maybe something similar could do later date for UX/UI design digital media 
not difficult one might think They recently retool available 
From the Bronx here hours be the old normal preCOVID-19 What point 
Bruh too short Ayisien voice helas ... 
really have sex 
Yeah learn this lesson the hard way the military They overprescribed meds And have some sure 
You could write whole dissertation about Missy and Afro-Futurism Aesthetics 
've legit be look prefabricate geodesic home 

Just do Hit enter proposal submission hours ago 
prefer nap ... 


Well this rather uncharacteristic consider the focus your usual post YOLO 
bad ... independent Republic 
Can add Texas the list Let them independent Kingdom again 
What be the and which ones do you bag 
Just post photo Chicago Illinois 
Just post photo 
Stahp OMFG 
Vodou ... 
There difference between refundable and nonrefundable 
Just post photo Chicago Illinois 
Just post photo Chicago Illinois 


three season behind And look like should stay that way order manage blood pressure 
Send the handle any the other consultants from your agency when you get chance 
Found you through the ballet community Hello from the other side 
Try pervasive That bite more accurate 
Queer POC here Where this racism free LGBTQIA utopia speak 

hate for take the labor but need them start tag the headqu 
Would Bishop Swan not responsible for fight 
admittedly ADOS ally What start 
make make sense ... this point be tal 
Gripping the ears like steer wheel the best part and sort serve biofeedback loop Mor 
That she put work and now have confirm that she cute hell ... 
sustain you you be already the population This whe 
LindaListen 
First all robotexter How you get number 
Cyberwarfare 
How 've lose every romantic interest life ... 
But accord them you be n't even real lawyer weeks ago ... Black Jesus make make sense 

For all you who think have ill will and say be misinterpret him overexplaining his behalf 
And even beyond national origin further disaggregates blackness into tribes and ethnicity which 
Which all go back have permanent enemies ally ... 

teach the ways 
your thread about tropes could n't have be more relevant 
*jobs be 
Also good job help Education help Baby bond help Medicar 
Federal job what build the wealthiest black neighborhoods 
not the most active member but 
you remember this 
biggest fear that sexual tourism may play part this well just 
And now add this list Atatiana Jefferson RIP 
not knocing them But try understand why that only certain people get criticize for act 

Putting aside the risk genetic anestry test wonder would help find common white 
Income will fix race/lineage base wealth disparities ... 
they would only stop use AAVE ... 
when meet women like this ... 
One the unfortunate aspects all this the economics behind Dare say slavery 
ally who here only ADOS advocacy see 1960s Imm 
Which mean some what ADOS experience truly deliber 
concurrence child Immigrants amp American bear 
This how you can tell whether not someone truly love their friends The 
should all aspire billionaires celebrity ... 
... but look what charity insert name do this very specific insert place community 
n't judge for go there But be discuss tropes ... date outside your race will fix Amer 
ADOS would stop have kid they n't afford ... 
Continental African complicity the Tranatlantic Slave Trade myth overstate Included bec 
SJWs sidenote SJW who have issue with intersectionality The fight for reparations should 
n't see color race ... love will solve everything 
Non-ADOS family have nothing with why should have pay 
The Transatlantic Slave Trade never happen myth and be the original inhabitants this lan 
not try discount anyone faith but the spirit this thread prosperity Gospel will 
... Boyce actually preach this His logic be that master cash cow for univ 
college education will save ADOS And undergraduate education n't enough graduate school 
ADOS would just stop black black crime and destroy their own neighborhoods all would well 
ADOS do n't need handout they need start businesses Entrepreneurship will the solution 
Encouraging capital flight out ADOS communities economically amoral Call them what they be ... 
And this clearly why citizenship matter 

Reuters say first ... 
Out here these streets like ... 
And who exactly be the subject their kingdoms try see something ... 

'll your spokesperson long get tiara 


walk away from debate that end similarly be n't afr 
have rethink approach and strategy African complicity 
And many continental African kingdoms and tribes do the kidnap 
And people like her that can not absolve misha 


sense this would vote for your interest would have cont 
And the data show that when black immigrants be include that communi 
Let also consider how render black men invisible vote bloc our vote n't matter well ... 
them Afro-Latino Before you ever ally with someone look how they treat the 
Getting be part the talk about the police be tell elders 
Why Ghana when DOS the western hemishere be composite European African from many tribes 


think you strike chord there Russian Bot accusations be new form 

think the color represent the level the ancestry 
miss where clarify his family class position Nig 
find out about the concept from anime series that be watch 
have be say this for minute Sign your waiver entitlement now 
Julia Roberts be bear Smyrna GA. She from the Souf run joke that she might 
Meditate Yoga something else that relax you your workout and diet be already fiah 
common first name Latin America 
When you realize that catnip kitty kief ... Fairview Heights Illinois 
easily entertain ... Fairview Heights Illinois 
host and pottery her and her dad ... Louis Gateway Arch 
swear enemies not bark try protect their owner ... Brooks catsup bottle water tower 
Also what look like ... Louis Gateway Arch 
What love look like ... Louis Gateway Arch 

be n't the only one who be make uncomfortable the similarities 
queer kid be eventually homeschooled part for damage bully not 
Say this again for the people the back And the date process 
1st joke would have do for The date would have end there go down that roa 

be speak jest and sincerity the same time Her response indi 
thoughts exactly 
sit here wonder what point the lawsuits start 

And you have any influence over please call your collleague and save her edge 
hop that you sustain sense active listen believe witness your Twitter 
have note that you have word limit which be reality your industry But the subject require 
you can pitch this your editors series the child immigrants and ADOS ally 
Anyone close know that actually hate be photograph and that tend photograph awkwardly 've trie 

solidarity ... 
bizarre thread may sound both case really happen After you get past look 
understand how far ADOS from full admission citizenship here more background 
man love tree and deeded the land sit the tree itself 8sq The tree 
And then there the case the tree that own itself Now compare this the autonomy 

write the dissent mean be the lose side But you can read that dissent and 
verbose also not attorney but case law fascinate tri 
Thank you for acknowledge that this multigenerational 
Post Slavery Stockholm Syndrome 
IJS 
There be precedents ... this not lose cause 


American bear Caribbean/Latino DOS full concurrence ... 
allergic most grass ... 


want respond the aspects their arguement that be intellectually lazy This person just endor 
have be wait for years for follow from her This all unfortunate 
Why be y'all like this Who make you this way 
be think the same 
You learn something new every day ... 
find all bizarre consider the receipt available regard her record 
not be conspiracy theorist n't want distract from the focus 
Ehhh the space program about develop escape for the after they have ruin the Earth 
take that very verbose way say you eat healthy improvements brain performance will 

Reparations not get something for free 
respect the feel behind the not ready sentiment But Sallie 


